Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to make landscape like this
using PCG system trees uh four less and
inside of them we have arrival.
Okay, let's begin.
Okay, first open the editor games
selector person as template select the
project and rename it PCG landscape. Hit
create.
Now go to the content drawer
like here.
Go add. Let's go here to add search
bank.
Go to content. Start the content. Add to
project.
After that, let's go here to the file.
Create new level. Set empty level. Hit
create.
Go to the landscape.
Hit create.
After that, go to window
environment light mix. Create scale.
Light create light scale at sphere
volutric fit to fog. And finally,
let's go down here to voluometric fog.
Let's go here to the selection mode.
Select the landscape and let's go here
to landscape material.
Let's go here to starter content
material. Select the mater.
And let's go here add my material. Now
let's save the level 611
[Music]
01.
Now let's go here to the edit.
Search for PCG proced content
generation.
Select it. Now select search for water.
Click yes.
Let's restart the engine.
It's restarted. Close the plug in.
Return here to the content map 01.
Okay. After that, let's go here and
search for PCG. PCG graph.
Create empty graph.
PCG and keep ls.
drag the PC in this place.
Okay, now let's go here
to add
FA marketplace.
Search for Spruce Forest.
Download this one. Add to my project.
Add the project.
Let's download some grass.
More filter. Set price to free.
Add the project.
Add to project.
Now let's go here
the content drawer
open the PC
drag it like here and set shape all and
let's begin the work
first thing first you want to get the
landscape data
go You
get landscape data
from this let's drag surface simpl
before we start we have to adjust
parameter point per square meter 01
len make it four
transform One point
for the mean main mean offset let's set
minus 5
to 10
for the gaxis for rotation 0 to 360°
this one
minus is 08
0.8.
Let's add a bounce magnifier.
Drag this right now. And let's add
static miss spawner.
In this static miss spawner we have to
add our trees.
Okay. In this miss entries let's choose
three entries.
Now let's go here
to the content.
Download finished. Select message.
to this static mesh filter from this.
Press the first one
and press shift it. Select all of them.
After that, let's enable the night.
First one. Let's go here.
Search for
go here descriptor
static mesh
or you can search from this static
mesh.
Start
and drag and drop the first one here.
Choose another one. Let's choose this.
And finally, let's choose this.
Save all.
Let's go here.
Okay, it's fine.
Now let's adjust here the speed of the
camera. It's taking some time to add the
the texture here.
All right. Here
make the PC graphite.
Okay. Select this.
Fine.
Now press W.
Alt
make the PCG graph like this
to make two PCG graphs.
Okay. Between them we have to add our
rival.
Let's go here.
Search for water
water body.
It's complete.
It's got this place, but I want to make
the rifle right here.
Okay. Select the rifle.
Make it up.
Drag this point right here
now. Let's make it up.
Okay, I think it's good.
Now, what would you have to do? We have
to add some fers right here.
Let's go here to the PC.
Get landscape data. Control V.
Let's go here and add surface simpler.
Once it's selected, set this one one per
square meter 55 for the all axis.
Let's add transform points.
This is
[Music]
okay.
in
to 1.5
for all the axes
and sis spawn.
Select this one and let's make three
entries.
Make here static.
Let's add my entries. Let's go here to
content drawer. content
scans.
Select all of them.
First one,
final one, and press shift.
Enable the night.
Okay, choose this
drag and drop here.
Second one, drag and drop.
Third one, drag and drop. And let's see.
take him some times to texturize.
Okay, this simple tutorial is done the
folders.
Okay, and this is my arrival.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial. See you later in
the next tutorial.
[Music]